Reggie:
Da Chen Bao is Nike in China.
Going with Da Chen Bao,
it sets this family up
so that one day
we will have old money.
Who's the new talent?
- That's my mother.
- You have such power in your arms.
Like a much more attractive
Manny Pacquiao.
Very much completely
at your service.
(chuckles)
(music playing)
On the game-winner, what were you
thinking when it left your hand?
I'm pretty sure it was,
"Please, Jesus, let this go in."
- So Jesus gets the credit?
- No.
If you thank Jesus for the wins,
you gotta blame Jesus for the losses.
Jesus doesn't want me
bricking a buzzer-beater
and pointing up to him all,
"That's on you, dude."
You're saying Jesus deserves better?
I tell all the complainers
around the league,
"Jesus died for your sins,
not your wins."
Cam, nine for 12 beyond the arc...
- Sorry, gotta ice the knees, folks.
- ...seven dimes, three steals...
Okay.
That guy blows me off every night.
If you could tell me why,
I'd appreciate it.
I'm sorry. What?
(music playing)
Hey, Todd, is this turkey bacon
or pig bacon?
Turkey bacon, ma'am.
Enjoy.
You know, out of the wrong mouth,
"enjoy" kind of mean "fuck off."
- Ma, his name is Ted, not Todd.
- Huh?
You called him Todd.
Todd got fired.
- That new butler's Ted.
- I still can't tell the difference.
Turkey bacon's the one that tastes
like a waste of time.
Not the difference of bacons,
the difference of butlers.
White men of a certain age
with no hair all look identical.
Completely identical.
Like identically identical.
Ain't no difference. Each butler we hire
is just like the one we fire.
Pasty, resentful fuck.
He's secretly waiting to take us out.
- (Cam laughing)
- Hey, look at this.
You're actually dressed
and ready to go where we're going.
- Thank you.
- Cam: Chill.
We ain't gotta be at the launch
of my new sneaker till 7:00.
I'm not talking about
the sneaker launch thing.
I'm talking about your lunch date with
the new beat reporter Isa Catalano.
Don't act like you haven't
seen the texts.
Oh, no, no, that's my fault, Reg.
I told Cam to limit his phone use
or Wi-Fi will kill his sperm.
- I want grandkids.
- I'll give you grandkids, Ma.
Aw, you don't have to take the dick
just 'cause I want grandkids.
- (whispers) That's sweet, though.
- There's other ways to get pregnant
- besides taking the dick.
- That "Levitro" shit is expensive.
- We got money now.
- And we ain't gonna keep it
if we start spending it on in vitro,
so just close your eyes
and think of the dick as a big clit
and start investing your money
in a college fund.
Just 'cause you got a new pussy, don't
be telling people to take the dick.
Leave my pussy out of this.
Reg, I ain't going to lunch
with some random.
Oh, she ain't no random,
she's a big name.
And her game story
didn't mention you,
so I called, and she said
you been throwing her shade.
- There's 30 reporters in that room.
- And for 29 of 'em,
you'll act like you dancing for tips.
Fastest road to ruin
is alienating a beat reporter.
Yeah, second fastest is turkey bacon.
Look, Cam, put some pants on,
let's make this right.
Please, when have I ever
steered you wrong?
(overlapping shouting)
You tried to make me me do golf
that one time.
You used to tell me
that I was straight.
- The butler.
- Backstreet Boys.
Reggie:
Fuck all y'all all daylong.
Cam, Burnside, 1:00, man.
Be an adult.
Give this woman her time.
(music playing)
I've never had this problem before,
and I've been a reporter
since you were an ugly baby.
- Ma'am, I came here to apologize.
- It's pretty simple.
I cover the team, and you were raised
in a Pleistocene cave
and still think women
have no business in the locker room.
- I'm not like that.
- Then prove it, caveman.
Take your hairy knuckles
off the floor and explain yourself.
Ooh, look,
the secret of fire.
I would rather not
explain myself, ma'am.
Call me "ma'am" one more time, and I'll
hit you harder than your sister did.
- My name is Isa.
- I know your name.
I can't--
Look, okay, I am...
This is gonna sound so stupid.
I am extremely
uncomfortable around you.
Because I call you on your shit,
which I bet nobody ever does.
People do, and that's not what I mean.
Uncomfortable as in,
like, flustered.
Flushed, you know?
"Hot and bothered" is what
I believe your generation says.
But I'm embarrassed by it.
I mean, I do feel like
a caveman talking about it.
But I'm sorry, that's just...
that's the deal.
- Bullshit.
- It's not.
It's not enough that you can't treat me
like a professional.
You gotta add insult to injury
like some frat boy
with this misogynistic bullshit.
- I'm telling you the truth.
- Liar.
(sighs)
Okay, then.
That's right, you make me
as hard as cement.
And I can't stop it, okay?
I thought about war,
dead babies, country music.
Dead babies at war
playing country music.
Nothing works.
The other lady reporters,
some of them are hot, but I can deal.
But you go right past my brain to
my anatomy, and it is freaking me out.
I mean, I'm this hard right now
and I'm yelling at you.
I'm sorry, but I can't blast wood
in the locker room.
I'll never hear the end of it.
This is the biggest that my dick
has ever been.
Is now a good time to say
we're off-the-record?
Sit down. Please.
(sighs)
First, may I say
you've certainly been
drinking your protein shakes.
(Cam chuckles)
And second, since you've
been honest, I will be, too.
I have the same reaction to you.
Okay, now who's playing?
I come clean with you,
I humiliate myself,
and this is all
just some joke to you?
Is that...
Did you spill something?
Yes... myself.
I mean, some of it is probably
from the water bottle
sitting in between my legs--
con... condensation.
But the rest of it's me.
I didn't know women work that way.
I don't speak for other women,
just myself.
Probably shouldn't have worn chinos
today, because the state of your arousal
is impacting me
a little bit more than usual.
- Holy shit.
- Stop congratulating yourself.
- Okay.
- Our bodies are sending us messages
and it's perfectly healthy.
I mean, apart from
the staggering embarrassment.
But we both have jobs to do here.
So now we have two choices.
One-- stay out of each other's way
in the locker room
and do all our interviews
over the phone.
Or two--
we get this out of our systems.
- How do we do that?
- We find a private space
and let our evolutionary
hardwiring take over.
(whispers)
Like, we have sex?
Jesus, it is a good thing
we're physically compatible,
because intellectually,
this is a disaster.
You would...
you would sleep with me?
- Like that... that's on the menu?
- Think of it more as an exorcism.
- When?
- I got 45 minutes before my podcast.
(music playing)
Okay.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(Cam grunting)
(both moaning)
All right.
Very good.
So would you say last night
was your finest game
in an Atlanta uniform?
(sighs)
We're really gelling as a team.
I think that's all that matters.
People say you don't care
about defense, is that true?
Wait a minute.
I don't think the exorcism worked.
Jesus.
Don't you have a refractory period?
I don't-- I don't know what that is.
- Never mind.
- Okay.
(music playing)
(both breathing heavily)
(laughing)
It's your night,
it's your night, baby.
What kind of name is "BiShou"?
It's Chinese for "the dagger."
Why they have to give it
a Chinese name?
'Cause they selling it in China.
Well, why the fuck
we didn't have a party in China?
Hey, calm down, Uncle J, they got
hors d'oeuvres and the women are hot.
Well, you know,
I'm kinda confused about Asian women.
I don't know if they submissive
or just bored.
- Plus I heard they straight.
- Not all of 'em.
I ain't talking about the woman,
I'm talking about the hair.
- The hair underneath.
- I got it, I got it.
And so the Chinese dagger
takes its place
alongside numberless
other violent sports metaphors--
bomb, gunned down, blitz.
Do you know what the blitz was?
267 nights of bombs
dropped on the English.
- They got all the dentists.
- I mean, what are we saying, hmm?
That there's a barbarian
inside all of us
looking for some sneaky
little way to come out?
- Exactly.
- Hey!
Inside of everyone
lurks the desire to kill,
but murder is impractical.
- So instead, we play basketball.
- Hello, Chen.
Welcome, my American
boots on the ground.
Yo, man, I just gotta say this is
a really dope sneaker release.
- Thank you.
- Yeah, thanks for not charging us extra
- for that duck sauce.
- Everything is complimentary.
- Hell, yeah. What about the hoes?
- We call them consorts,
and what they choose to do
is their business.
Please, eat, drink, mingle,
and affect an air of
world-beating nonchalance.
Cam, I'll meet you on
the black and gold carpet,
where together we will be
mauled by photographers.
- Arigato.
- That's actually Japanese.
- Julius: Oh, yeah.
- Oh, Reggie.
- Yeah.
- Please, linger with me.
How do you retain a fact
like that 267-night thing?
Impressive, but weird.
Like Asian women.
- Straight. Straight.
- (laughing)
I see everyone here
but the fire of my loins.
- I'm sorry, who?
- The queen of my fantasies.
The song of my south.
- Your aunt, you idiot.
- Oh. Oh!
I didn't realize that you two
had gotten to that point.
Neither has she,
but I believe she is my other.
Since I laid eyes on her, I'm like
a boy again in Jiangsu Province,
hearing for the first time
the Kangding Love Song.
(singing in Chinese)
Forgive me.
I'm just so moved by her.
Yeah, no, my aunt,
she's coming in a separate car.
Did she tell you we've been texting?
We don't really discuss,
like, who's texting...
It is amazing how seductive
the right woman can be
using only phonetic
sentence fragments and emojis.
Helped by the new iPhone update
to include more races.
- Listen, Chen, I...
- Cassie makes me smiley face.
And she liked the flowers I sent her
when she was in the hospital.
She felt like Faith when Biggie died.
But you should know
that she has a boyfriend now.
Good. I'm pleased that
other men are drawn to her.
It heightens the challenge.
No longer a challenge
is what I'm saying.
- At this point, more of a no-fly zone.
- No such thing.
Unless we're discussing
the East China Sea.
- Is this him?
- Yep.
Oh, a kind face.
Nurturing and respectful.
- He truly cares for her.
- Yes, he does.
He stands no chance.
Cassie!
Blair Thompson, Da Chen Bao.
- May I offer you both champagne?
- What kind do you have?
- We only drink the best.
- I have the best.
- Whoo!
- Reggie will squire you to the bar.
Let's all put in a firm base layer
of alcohol, hmm?
You have never looked more beautiful.
Mm, easy there, Crouching Tiger.
You're talking to a lady
that's in a relationship now.
The plus-one? And yet you did not
introduce him as your boyfriend.
- I was being discreet.
- You were keeping your options open,
- which means you do not love him.
- Oh, no, no, no, no.
It's much too early for that.
At our age, one knows quickly,
because one hasn't time to waste.
"Our age"? How the fuck old are you,
you presumptuous fuck?
- 37.
- Oh. Okay, then.
For the best women,
age brings power.
Well, Chen, don't you
want me to be happy?
More than anything.
But I want it to be with me.
Chen, you live in Shanghai.
Fortunately, I have mastered
the miracle of flight.
Unlike many of
the national airlines of my region.
Well, I need a man
that's gonna be with me,
not some ghost who comes and goes.
Nothing's off the table, Cassie.
Really?
Consider my sedge hat
still firmly in the ring.
(laughs)
Chen, Chen, Chen.
I don't know what the fuck
a sedge hat is, but thanks.
Ooh, can you get me a chicken satay?
I will get you a chicken satay factory.
(music playing)
(breathing heavily)
How am I supposed to
get this out of my system
when I don't want to
get out of your system?
It was just a theory.
(both laughing)
(camera clicking)
(clicking continues)
Chen has an undeniable charm.
Reggie:
It's a simple request, Auntie.
- Please don't shit where you eat.
- It's a stupid rule.
Don't shit where you eat.
Don't shit where you sleep.
Pretty soon the whole world's
gonna be constipated and alone.
- And what happens when it ends?
- Who says it will?
Any casual observer
of your datin' record.
Which leaves us with a pissed-off
Chinese billionaire
who owns half the paper
on our lives.
What's that mean?
"Half the paper"? Half what paper?
- The money, the future, etcetera.
- Oh.
Well, maybe it'd be him
that dumps me.
Maybe, but it's my job
to look at the worst case.
And in this case, the worst case
is a very bad case.
Cassie, you have to be careful
with those rich men.
They will wow you and wow you,
and you are so busy being wowed
that you can't even tell
if you actually like them.
- That's true.
- Fuck you know? You a lesbian.
Rich lesbians the same-- Cleopatra,
Eleanor Roosevelt, Kate Middleton.
Princess Kate ain't gay.
I know she got kids,
but let's be honest,
- no breeder wears that many blazers.
- (clicks tongue)
- And what happens to trusty Blair?
- Everybody knows nice guys finish last.
Unless they have huge dicks.
No, if they have huge dicks,
they finish last with a huge dick.
Well, at least they can feel better
about themselves.
Actually, if they have huge dicks,
sometimes the dick part finishes first
even when the rest of 'em
finishes last.
- Can we stay on message, please?
- It's like when I met you, baby.
The sun comes out,
and it's all you care to see.
I feel like Audrey Hepburn
in that "Roman Holiday"...
unable to reach for happiness because
it would put her entire kingdom at risk.
We need another guy
in this conversation.
- Where's Tim at?
- Todd.
- Ted.
- Ah, shit.
- Who the fuck is Audrey Hepburn?
- One of the first actresses
I ever saw on bootleg.
(music playing)
I'm not sure that the pictures
were necessary.
I take my Easy Rawlins
responsibilities serious.
Besides, the girl was hot.
I'ma take 'em for my personal archives.
No. No, delete 'em.
And we gotta take 'em
off the fuckin' Cloud now, too.
Deleting 'em is taking 'em
off the Cloud.
Nah, deleting 'em
don't do shit to the Cloud.
Things in the Cloud live forever.
The Cloud ain't really a cloud.
It's a server in Douglas County
with a 23-year-old bath salt addict
standing next to it
with Deadspin on speed dial.
Jesus, this whole family,
they can't wait to shit where they eat.
I admit, I have farted in the kitchen,
but that's where it ends.
Reg, in the boy's defense, I've seen
a lot of people fuck in my life.
I seen short people fuckin',
fat people fuckin',
midgets fuckin', crippled, blind,
crazy, all of 'em fuckin'.
I seen a lot of people fuckin'.
I even seen myself fuckin'
once or twice in the mirror.
I put mirrors on the ceiling
so I could see myself fuckin'.
And the thing about fuckin' is...
Can you please get to the end
of this paragraph?
Oh, yeah. Cam and that woman, there's
something crazy going on between them.
I mean, they was fuckin'
like the law was coming.
No, I get it.
I get it, Uncle Julius.
I mean, you have to
let it take its course
- like the affliction it is.
- Mm.
- You dig?
- Yeah, I dig.
Loverboy.
(music playing)
- (Cam laughing) Come on!
- Ahh!
We should put some
mile markers back here.
- Yeah, get right on that.
- (cell phone rings, beeps)
- You looking for an interview?
- We need to talk.
- You all right?
- I'll tell you when I see you.
- Okay. Uh, lunch spot. 20 minutes.
- Okay.
- (cell phone beeps)
- That would be the unmistakable sound
of the other shoe dropping.
How many times I gotta tell you
there are no free lunches?
(door opens)
- You know about us?
- Uncle Julius saw you in the garage.
You had my own uncle tail me?
Would you rather
it be some outside guy
that would extort me
for pictures like Ted?
- Tim.
- Shit.
And I would rather you
let me live my life.
Yeah, but you see
what happens when I do?
Seven billion people in the world,
6.9 billion of 'em would fuck you,
and you choose a reporter.
You might as well stand
in the middle of Peachtree Street
- and set your career on fire.
- I tried to stay away from her,
but you made me go.
You're Judas. As a matter of fact,
you're worse than Judas.
- You're-you're Judas's pimp.
- That doesn't even make sense.
And, Cam, why didn't you
just tell me the truth?
It's embarrassing, man.
I feel like a fucking teenager.
Well, you a teenage baby daddy now.
- You think that's what it is?
- You didn't wrap up, did you?
Yeah, they got a dispenser
at Burnside's.
You should always have one on you,
and another one on you.
In fact, you should have
a separate wallet for condoms.
Man, she can't be pregnant.
She's like Mom's age.
It's the 21 st century, okay?
They got women in France
having babies in nursing homes.
And the older they are,
the more dangerous it is.
They have slow babies.
Down syndrome babies.
- Ain't that the same thing?
- No, one's about the chromosome,
the other one's just born stupid.
Look, rule number one--
don't fuck anybody you don't want
the whole world knowing about.
Are you done banging on me
about shit already happened?
- What you gonna do?
- The right thing.
(scoffs)
Now?
- Well, where you taking me?
- You will see.
- I shouldn't have come.
- You came because you wanted to.
- That don't mean I should've.
- Here we are.
Motherfucker,
you bought me a chopper?
No. Although I will
if that's what it takes.
But first I thought we could
start with dinner...
in Paris, France.
A helicopter could go
all the way to Paris, France?
No, it would plunge into the Atlantic.
But it can go to the airport
where my jet will take us
to Paris, France.
Where together, we will dine
at the Plaza Athénée.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Slow down, lowdown, okay?
Let a little steam
out of the soup dumpling.
(Cassie sighs)
Chen, we-- we need to talk.
In China, when a woman says
"we need to talk," it always bodes ill.
Ah, that's every fuckin' country.
Chen, what I'm trying to say
is that we have ties that bind.
And as much as I would love
to reach out to you
and see where this leads...
Damn, this is nice.
I mean, what if it doesn't work out?
I mean, could you imagine how much
trouble that'll cause for everybody?
Imagine the best,
not the worst, Cassie.
- Take a leap of faith.
- Yeah, well, most leaps of faith
end up on the sidewalk.
(sighs)
Chen, I think it's best
that we don't shit where we eat.
I've never enjoyed that metaphor.
It puts defecation on the same plane
as the search for love.
I agree, no one should yield
to simple lust
in one's home or place of business.
Now that is shitting where you eat.
I would never do that.
But when love is possible,
its pursuit must not be equated
to solid waste
sliding out of the rectum.
Love is grander than that.
How are we meant to find those
we might truly care for?
On social media?
So artificial.
Is it not wiser to trust
honest, organic exposures?
To friends,
to business partners,
or to their stunning mothers.
All right,
so what you're saying is
when there could be love,
we have a moral obligation
to take a shit?
To give a shit.
Give us one date.
A few hours in each other's company
to speak as adults
and assess the possibilities.
After that, if you still feel the same,
I will demur.
- You will de-what?
- Step aside.
One date.
And not in Paris, France.
'Cause I've seen that
Liam Neeson "Taken,"
and I don't go for that bullshit.
I wanna judge
based on substance, not style,
so it'd have to be
somewhere here in town
at the least fanciest place
that we can find.
So you either take that shit
or you leave it.
Even a greasy spoon
is Alain Ducasse
if I... am with you.
You say weird shit...
but I like it.
(music playing)
- There is no good way to say this.
- I'm prepared to take care of the kid.
(chuckles) Okay, first of all,
I wouldn't know this fast.
And second, pregnant?
Are you kidding me?
- I'm 47 years old.
- Wikipedia says 41.
Yes, I know, I wrote it.
Man, you're even hotter
than I thought.
Where does your generation
learn how to talk to women?
Never mind. I'm sorry.
You're not pregnant. That's good news.
I have HPV.
Which means you might have it, too.
- I don't know what HPV is.
- Seriously?
I-I mean, doesn't sound
like something that I want.
I'm pretty sure things named
with three letters aren't good.
Any chance it stands for
"happy perfect vadge"?
How is someone in your position not
better informed about health matters?
I mean, I don't know about
brain surgery either.
You're not sticking your brain
in someone else.
HPV is a sexually transmitted virus.
So HPV is like HIV for the pussy?
No, it is not HIV for the...
(softly)
It's an STD.
- Some strains cause cancer.
- I'm gonna get dick cancer?
But this one is just the nuisance kind.
How did you get this nuisance?
80% of the population actually
has it in one form or another.
You fucked 80% of the population?
I have been with three people
in three years.
Look, I'm sorry.
I didn't know I had it.
I'm not an avid reader of my vagina.
But this morning at my checkup,
my doctor saw something.
Um, I don't know what to say.
Thank you for telling me.
Every animal has its natural enemies.
For man,
once it was woolly mammoths,
then it was Germans,
now it's viruses.
So me getting this is just
God thinning out the herd?
At least I'm not a daddy.
Cassie:
Thank you. (giggles)
Thank you.
(coughing)
Ahem.
- (music playing)
- ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
- ♪ Girl, I'll never put you down ♪
- ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Say if I wanted anyone, girl,
I want you around ♪
♪ 'Cause you bring
out the best in me ♪
♪ And there's no one else
I would rather be ♪
♪ 'Cause I love you,
need you... ♪
- Is there a test for it?
- No, it's just visual inspections.
- How does that work?
- Doctor pours vinegar on your dick.
- No, seriously.
- No, pours vinegar on your dick
and then looks around for something
that makes him or her go, "Hmm."
- ls there a shot for it?
- Yeah. Yeah, but, uh, you--
Well, you gotta get it
before you get the HPV,
and then you gotta never have had sex,
and then you gotta have a different
strain than the one you got.
Just say that there's
no fucking shot for it.
Just trying to be comprehensive.
Once the symptoms are gone,
then the HPV is gone?
No, the symptoms could come back.
- But if they don't, then I'm fine.
- They not sure.
'Cause they think in most cases,
the virus leaves the body eventually.
- How long is eventually?
- They're not sure.
I mean, viruses punch
their own clock, Cam.
If I'm wearing a condom,
then I can't give it to anyone.
No, you still could via
the scrotum or pubic mound.
What is a "pubic mound"?
Hey, you might not
ever have symptoms.
Which means I didn't get the HPV.
- They're not sure.
- Man, what kind of disease is this?
- The fucked up fuckin' fuckin' disease.
What do we pay doctors for
if they ain't figured this shit out?
80% of the population has it.
And the other 20%,
nobody wants to fuck.
You're not alone.
- Do you have this?
- Fuck no. I'd kill myself.
You're the fixer, Reg.
Fix this.
I can't.
(music playing)
♪ Whoo ♪
(vocalizing)
♪ Whoo-hoo ♪
♪ Whoo ♪
♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey, hey I
♪ Hey, hey ♪
(vocalizing)
♪ Whoo-hoo ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org